[docs] Hashicorp doc update (#22508)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/integrations/hashicorp-vault.md

    go build -o <build dir>/ysql-plugin cmd/ysql-plugin/main.go
    ```

Alternatively, you can download the binary directly from GitHub:

> - Pre-built binary can be found at the [releases page](https://github.com/yugabyte/hashicorp-vault-ysql-plugin/releases), download, unzip and place the binary in <build dir>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pre-built binary can be found on the [releases page](https://github.com/yugabyte/hashicorp-vault-ysql-plugin/releases). Download, unzip the file and place the binary in <build dir>.
```

Reviewer: line # 32:
`- Add go to the path as follows:` -> `- Add Go to the path as follows:`

Reviewer 2: Download, unzip the file, and place the binary in <build dir>.

Reviewer 2: @HarshDaryani896 LGTM with the suggestions. Please make the changes and merge.
